Document issue where `,` can't find previous match (#38)
VSpaceCode/vspacecode.github.io: docs/major-mode.md

Major mode offers dynamic menu and functions based on the active buffer.
You can access key bindings specific to the current major mode by pressing `<spc> m` or `,` if you want to save one keystroke.

:::tip
If `,` isn't bound, you might need to update your settings.
You can add the necessary keybindings to your `settings.json` by pressing `Ctrl+Shift+p` and running the command "VSpaceCode: Configure Default Settings".
More information can be found in the [Installation](./) for instructions.
:::

:::note

> The default configuration uses `,` as the shortcut to major mode, that will override the find previous match after a `f{character}`.
> You can following the instruction in [Troubleshooting](./troubleshooting) to remove or modify the shortcut.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default configuration uses `,` as the shortcut to major mode, that will override the vim "find previous match" after a `f{character}`.
You can follow the instructions in [Troubleshooting](./troubleshooting#-cannot-find-previous-match) to remove or modify this shortcut.
```
